boat motor parsun t 2 and 6 bms this
modification is approximately 2014 2013
rather there is a modelka which
our tiller usually goes without gas and
if you see two screws on each side
that is, all four screws are two halves
engine case disassembled
the gas of this motor and control us
located right on the body of the motor this
us trigger manual lace with
lace which we are in this tag im
we start a motor is a valve
air dresser so-called
the choke here is the gas control lever
engine throttle valve
that is, where the deliverer means turnovers
you are 6 this is the average optimal momentum
the bug is drawn means it
minimum speed minimum gas is
a button for killing the engine for say
as if we see insurance that the button
provided with the ability to install there here
now show the button installed
check such a safety cord
the second half has it
carabiner hangs clinging somewhere
either on spadji years or on the arm of a man
control motor when occurs
some frame goal 1 person falls
overboard that's what happens
chicco pulls 2 weeks off
in addition to the motor goes
spare cord and handle this to run
and that suddenly broke off the main
here kulёchki see immediately this spare
gaskets for changing
butter go who riven so candle key and
screwdriver is what goes with us
sachets additional equipment
motor so show now screw flint u
motor metal that's even audible
sound solid enough again
We remind that at least once a month
forget it rush plinth oh you vat
turn the wines now show that here
there is such a pin of his novelty
need to remove straighten removed later
screw and on the drive shaft
if in some other and pollution in
the stuffing box area they are all removed
magnesium electrochemical protector
corrosion protection is particularly important when
March movement smoking motor on the transom
done with the help of these two
there is a screw pair clamp
clamped motor directly on the transom
motor fuel tank
I know how to practice the cover here we show how
it unscrews and closes on top of
the lid has an additional valve
air which need to be closed when
transporting the motor when it lies and
when you start the engine it
be sure to open to baht
inside
built-in tanks in the motor not
formed on the fuel system
opens closes fuel motor
again, remember not to forget
fuel everything before
packing and transporting motors for
so that from the float chamber she
then did not pour out either outside
somewhere in the car and your not
smelled of gas
either did not get extra fuel surplus
inside the colin zone